♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Pups Save Alex."
Water cannon! [barks]
[barks]
Wow! I just can't get
your pup house clean.
We need some soapy water.
-[Alex] It's a cleanup emergency!
-Huh?
The Alex Patrol is on a roll!
No sponge is too big.
No Alex is too small…
-Whoa!
-[grunts]
[both chuckle]
Sorry, Marshall. Sorry, Rocky.
[chuckles] That's okay, Alex.
You still saved the day
by bringing the sponge.
I did? Yes!
But it wasn't a real rescue.
Maybe someday
I'll be a part of a real rescue.
Thanks for fixing Bettina's pen, Rubble.
You're welcome, Farmer Yumi.
Shovel away! [barks]
-[purring]
-[toy squeaking]
-[meows]
[clucks]
[growls]
[grunts]
[meows]
[clucks]
[panting]
[toy squeaks]
[meows]
[clucking]
Chickaletta,
what's got your eggs in a scramble?
[meows]
[howls]
[gasps] Cali!
That roof's too high to play on!
-[meows]
-Claws tight, Cali!
I'm calling the PAW Patrol!
[video game sounds]
[phone rings]
[moos]
Bettina? You have an emergency?
Sorry, Ryder.
Bettina's just really worried about Cali.
Why? What's wrong?
She's stuck on top of the silo.
-I'm not sure how long she can hold on.
-[meows]
Don't worry, Farmer Yumi,
or you, Bettina.
[moos]
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
We're on our way!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
What is it? An emergency? Oh boy!
Looks like it. We'd better go.
Okay, this time,
I'm going to make extra, extra, extra sure
that I don't crash into any pups
in the elevator door.
[chuckles]
-Rocky.
-[barks]
-Chase.
-Skye. Rubble.
-[barks]
-And Zuma.
-[sighs]
Why do emergencies always
happen during nap time?
That's all the pups! Coast is clear.
[grunts]
[both] Whoa!
Sorry, pups.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
[gasping]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Whoa…
I can't believe I'm inside the Lookout!
[beeps]
Thanks for hustling, pups.
We've got a real emergency on our hands.
Cali is stuck
on top of Farmer Yumi's silo.
[all gasp]
It's not safe to be up so high.
We need to get her down.
[beeps]
Marshall, I need you and your ladder
to safely get to Cali.
Ready for a ruff, ruff rescue!
This is so cool!
[beeps]
Skye, I need you and your helicopter
to take one of the pet carriers
over to the farm.
We might be able
to get Cali to climb into it.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
Ooh, ooh!
Ryder, pick me! I'm super helpful!
I know you are, Alex.
But we need to get to Farmer Yumi's fast.
[sighs] Sure, I understand.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
Wow! That's so cool!
Yeah! [barks]
Yeah!
[giggles and barks]
That's even cooler!
[grunts]
[both] Whoa!
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
[barks]
[tires squeal]
-[Alex] Whee!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
Sorry, Alex. Are you okay?
I'm great!
All buckled in and ready to roll!
-[beeps]
Hey, Ryder. Alex, kind of…
Well, we fell down the slide
and, uh, landed in my fire truck.
-[chuckles]
-He kind of wants to ride along.
As long as he promises to listen
and not get in the way.
I promise!
-[beeps]
-This is the coolest day ever!
[siren blaring]
[Alex] Can I turn on the siren, Marshall?
Please? Can I?
Sure. Hit the button.
-[siren blares]
-Whoo!
[Marshall howls]
[gasps]
[groans]
[siren blaring]
Thanks for racing out here, Ryder.
Cali's up there.
[meows]
I can try to get her, Ryder.
That's a long way up
for you and your ladder.
It'll be easier if Cali tries
to climb into Skye's pet carrier.
I can help too, Ryder.
I know you can, Alex.
But right now,
let's see if Skye can get Cali.
Okay, Skye, see if Cali
will climb into the pet carrier!
Moving the pet carrier
into position, Ryder.
This is tricky.
I have to place it just right.
[growls]
[hisses]
[gasps]
[meows]
Skye, Cali's too scared
to climb into the carrier!
We need to try something else!
Okay, Ryder. I'll drop off the pet carrier
and come back for plan B.
Plan B? Cool!
What's Plan B?
Plan B is Marshall and his ladder.
Ready, Marshall?
You got it, Ryder. I'm fired up!
-[truck beeping]
-Ladder up. [barks]
[panting]
[whimpers]
Hi, Cali. It's Marshall.
I'm going to get you down.
Come on. Just slide to me here. I got you.
My pretend rescue was
nowhere near as exciting as this one.
That's it. Come on.
[meows]
[gasps]
[squeaks]
Hey… what's this?
[meows]
Hey! Who turned out the lights?
Whoa! Whoa!
[grunting]
Whoa!
Cali won't let me help her.
Poor thing's too scared to let you help.
We have to get Cali
to slide down the roof to you, Marshall.
I know, but how?
[toy squeaks]
[meows]
[gasps] Ryder! I have an idea!
Hang on, Alex.
We're trying to figure out
how to get Cali off the silo.
I think maybe I know.
If only we had something
to make Cali want to slide down.
Farmer Yumi, do you have any ideas?
Hmm… No. Sorry, Ryder.
Chickaletta, Bettina,
can you think of anything?
-[clucks]
-[moos]
I know! I know! Ryder!
I really, really, really know!
This is Cali's favorite toy mouse.
I'd bet she'd go to Marshall
if he had it with him.
Great idea, Alex!
Marshall, see if you can get Cali
to come get her toy.
All right. I'm fired up!
[squeaks]
Ew, yuck. Cat breath.
[whimpering]
Cali, just slide down to me!
I'll catch you and I'll give you this!
-[squeaks]
-Come here.
-[meows]
-[Marshall] Get the mousy, mousy, mousy!
Whoa!
[both grunting]
[both] Ah!
[both grunt]
Marshall, you got Cali!
-[toy squeaks]
-[chuckles]
Is everyone all right?
Everyone is fine and safe, thanks to Alex.
The PAW Patrol are the real rescuers.
I just helped a little.
Well, Cali seems
to think you helped a lot, Alex.
[purrs]
Aw… You're welcome, Cali.
If you ever need us,
just yelp for help…
or yelp for Alex.
[all laugh]
Alex Patrol!
Pups, you sure did a good job today,
and, Alex, you did a great job.
So, I'm making you
an honorary member of the PAW Patrol.
Wow! Thanks, Ryder!
You're welcome, Alex.
Thanks, PAW Patrol!
This was the best day ever!
-Hooray, Alex!
-Way to go, Alex!
[all barking]
[all laugh]
Good pups! You're good pups!
[theme song playing]